good morning every morning it's a race I
get up brush my teeth shower do my hair
and usually I have two boiled eggs for
breakfast then I book it right to class
today is a special day because it's
snowed yesterday but so I gotta run
[Music]
at 8:29 I just made it to class on time
so I finished class today at 10:00 but
every day it varies a little bit
sometimes have class a whole day from
9:00 to 5:00 and other times I've huge
long breaks time to study where I do my
pre readings or homework or edit videos
for two hours before my next class all
right just finished studying heading to
my second class right now palm tree dear
chick
[Music]
it's a little bit boy not gonna lie but
I have a mid-term so I gotta focus huh
lunchtime this is my favorite time of
the day because one I get to eat and - I
gotta hang out with my friends I usually
have the same thing for lunch every day
with the midterm season coming up life
can get really stressful sometimes so
it's good to let yourself relax so today
I'm gonna go play in the snow today
UBC's hosting the biggest snowball fight
in all of Canada
[Applause]
[Music]
you're definitely one that one thought
was hell but I felt in the face that was
a tough fight
it's 2:30 right now on my way to my
special study spot I'm gonna show you my
campus and talk a little bit about
University so as you know I was on
exchange at Shinhwa amid a lot of videos
about that but I'm back at UBC and I'm
studying marketing I started I am taking
seven courses in order to graduate also
and I gotta edit these videos for you
guys so life kind of feels like standing
on ice it could crack at any moment I'm
gonna get out of here
the key here is to prioritize because
you definitely do not have time to do
everything and how you be successful is
to find the correct balance for yourself
not for anyone else but for yourself and
for me I like what I'm doing so I don't
need to go party
[Music]
but out of everything hardest part is
the constant pressure of deciding what
you want to do after graduation my
friends family all of them will ask hey
what are you gonna do after you graduate
and you know what I always answer you
with will see
there's so much social fashion this is
annoying
whatever let's forget about it and focus
on study five pm gym time can't skip
this Sun p.m. I come home I study a
little bit more for an hour or two and
at 8:30 I clean up everything and then I
plan for tomorrow as I said the key is
to prioritize
hey what's a bad so right now it's
around 9 p.m. so I just finished reading
and I plan my day for tomorrow but
anyway hopefully I gave you a realistic
look into what it's like to be an
University student as you can see my day
is pretty like scheduled now it's
routine lines and that's just because
this was just like a normal day of me
going to school and study so if I was
going now definitely be more exciting
but that's not every day a part of being
a student is having to endure days like
this and try to find joy in learning and
study which I do I do like learning you
know if I like the subjects I'm learning
it's fun should I do more vlogs about
student life or should I stick to the
funny videos about Asian culture or do
you mix a book I don't know you tell me
let me know what you think okay I'm even
asleep now so thank you for watching if
you're new here click subscribe if
you're not click that like button it
helps me out and maybe you will reach
10k by soon have a good night and I'll
see you next time
oh good morning